- The Knights are a state military group à la the alchemists from FMA. They mix martial, technological, and magical prowess to become a formidable force against any threat. They often specialize in high coordination and maneuvarability, like Spartans and Pilots. Although there are many, they keep a sense of individualism, kinda like the Jedi.
- Magic system has to be pretty flexible, since I want to use it as an interesting writing tool but also have it be adaptable to the 5e spellcasting rules. Magic is simply another form of enacting your will on reality to shape it. The same is true with invention, music, combat, or anything else we do in life.  The stronger the will, the more nuanced the magic will be. This can be the explanation for upcasting spells. 
- The ultimate form of countermagic will be the complete and total nullification of will. Other techniques focus on negating/containing/remedying the effects of the spells themselves. This however completely cuts off the victim from enacting their will on reality, basically rendering them in a state of limbo called the Silence of the Soul. Their consciousness is essentially distilled into its most purest form for a only a moment., but to the victim, it feels almost like an eternity.
- Magic also requires energy. The more powerful the effect, the more energy it will take up. Where this energy comes from will vary based on the person and the technique they use. Some get it from music, the energy carried through the vibrations. Other use rituals to gain power from nature. Wherever it comes from, all energy originates from the Foundation of Reality. The true nature of the Foundation is a mystery, but certain people have been enlightened to some of its truths and are able to complete great feats because of it. Others have gone mad in the pursuit of answers.
- There's a race of Treefolk that share a symbiotic psychic relationship with a race of semi-sentient alien/extradimensional fungi. Not only can they use it to communicate with others of their species, but also across time. the memories of their ancestors are all stored in there, their wisdom ready to be accessed whenever the individual is found worthy.
- That brings me to another point. Communication is also a huge part of how magic is expressed. They way you express and communicate your will influences the kind of magic you do. Maybe you draw runes in the air. Maybe you focus it into somatic movements passed down from mentor to student. Whatever you do, it influences they way your magic looks and acts.
- I have an idea for a mage who's based in music. They have the rare ability to interpret the vibrational frequencies of the arcane, and think of magic in terms of consonance and dissonance. 
- I have an idea for a "Lost Isles Arc". Inspired by the Age of Exploration from Dr. STONE, this will focus on the adventuring party embarking on an expidition to a remote archepelago in search of some McGuffin. They'll also be racing to find it against one or more opposing factions; whether or not they're malicious or simply other explorers they're in competition with is unclear right now.
- 