The world of [[Orakoz]] is an ancient one. Long ago, there were 8 different nations on the [[The Continent|Continent]]. One day, a mysterious [[The Threat|force]] from beyond the land threatened to destroy their very existence. So to help combat it, the 8 nations formed [[The Coalition]], and instituted its [[Legion of Knights]]. The Coalition's formation fundamentally changed how the various nations within it functioned, with each one's economy became sectionalized to focus on a single aspect of production to aid the war effort. The Coalition senate also took emergency powers during the war and afterwards to help speed along the reconstruction effort. This lead to a surprising economic boom happening contrary to the predictions of a crash, which in turn lead to most citizens within the Coalition to form a positive opinion of it, associating it with the prosperity brought after the war. Thus, the Coalition was not disbanded as per the original act, and was instead transformed into a regulating body to help deal with the international affairs between its various member nations. And so, year after year, century after century, legislation was passed that incrementally gave it more and more power, becoming more like an actual governing body. It's transformation was finally complete when it annexed the neighboring nation of Radho as a province rather than as a member. 

It's been 596 years since the Coalition's formation, in the 2nd age of the Coalition's Reign. How will you leave a mark on its history? Will you join the valiant Legion of Knights to help protect the land you love? Or will you join the Academy of Cogniscentia and march towards a glorious future for you and your nation? Or perhaps you may follow the trail of clues left behind by the rumblings of a revolution, the next step in this country's story?  The journey of your life is what you make it.